hi
[Music]
hi i'm agatha welcomer welcome back to
my channel and for this video i am going
to
feature a local brand i'm going to
feature
some of their newest products and it's
called
detail cosmetics i am so happy and i'm
so excited for this one because i
and that me delegate new release this
year
if you know that brand i am awareness
and i wanted to try them and want to
share with you my thoughts and opinions
so
i got for this video i am going to do a
review
and i'm going to do my makeup i'm going
to apply
yuma products okay
without further ado let's get started
before i
do my makeup before i apply the products
on my face
i am going to share with you young
claims no products and go and show you
guys
so i got four but you own super
fine line in that make browse refine
liner in shape
super fine liner is all about the
details
this double-ended brow pencil shapes
feels and defines your brows glides on
without talking
use the spoolie end to blend and brush
into place
now you're left with natural looking
brows that last
all day it's really completely natural
shades which
are coffee mocha cappuccino and hazelnut
ma delicious mug up
[Music]
now let's move on to the newest new west
as a new west
newest product nela from the brand and
it's the
velvet flush packaging
then marine channel production color
in pigments lips cheek and eyes
detail cosmetics velvet flush is a
multi-use colors for lids
lips cheeks that encase in a sleek
compact for an
easy on the blush co-created and
formulated by credible beauty gurus
melayeg and ray hermar this product is
nurtured
in vitamin e butter avocado oil
the unique easy to blend cushioning
mousse texture of the lip flush
sets into light weight non-sticky velvet
finish that lasts
throughout the day velvet flush comes
with six unix
shades specially created to suit
most skin tones they have a lot of
shades they have six
shades and the shade names are their
pets and we also have the lightest one
which is cotton
cotton milky luna lucas bow
and match oh it's very soft now
as you can see not wine i mean
yeah makeup makeup set
i'm going to apply it here
wow wow i'm getting shade
okay
[Music]
i like this super soft
by the way there this is also cruelty
free and 12
months you know after opening
whoa very soft
velvet looking finish and i like the
shade
you'll go ahead and shade number bug for
your lids
lips and cheeks we're going to use this
i suggest if you
have this kind of makeup well you're
gonna share
this costs 249 pesos
very easily for 8 grams but i suggest
not if you have this
you don't want
[Music]
i wouldn't use my finger to apply
on my hair
it is a bit orange
but when you blend it it's a bit orange
pero brown
warm goodness orange i think containers
iso we're going to move on some
blush
it has a glow like flush line you know
again
i've been loved with flush it's velvety
mousse
[Music]
moving on we are going to apply
you know excited on the product which is
the powder powder
i have here two of the shades and i'm
going to swatch it first
so this is in the shade ray of the lasko
and watch her vlogs
yeah and i really like the specifics of
mohanna and baby
for all skin types so
i really like the packaging of this one
really cute i'm unique and my my
indicator is still against
like the logos here i think area
coconut and italian famous
company see
no animal ingredient okay and it's
broken free all of the shades are listed
here on the screen about graph angel
ashley
heidi hazel kenny lou
may ryza ray rai
and tony for this look i am going to try
both
i am going to try first you don't shade
me right velasco
super soft
i don't feel any
talking sensation sexy sean
i need talking
wow when you wanna go
so soft
you need a bunch of powdery
unlike film lipstick no maybelline
[Music]
powder this one is more of
creamy
we are going to try the next shade which
is your eyes
it's really exciting
this one is a cool tone pink which i
love
because
[Music]
wow i love
how nice the shade is i love this
this is the final look using the newest
products from the brand
and i will also give you guys my final
verdict for the products
let's start off with the brow liner this
is the super fine liner
and what i like about this is simple i
like it
very sleek in packaging and it really
glides awesomely so let's
slides so brown small
and it really blends well the only
downside that i can think of it's not
really a downside but
it's a matter of reference if you're
looking for a brow liner
the goal is to really fill in sparse
areas
for 149 that was you get 0.1 grams
next is the velvet flush this is
initially
bow and what i like about this is the
packaging as well
super
[Music]
how all powdery and the only downside
that i can think of
is that hindi shouldn't be sanitary
you're just using your
fingers
[Music]
and i have a good news for you because
say
my products nominations for this video
will be on sale
on 12 12. yes
i will read okay let's start off with
the powder pout
the original price of this one is 199
but you will get this for only 179
on 12 12. detail
super fine liner this costs 149 perios
12 12
134 now alas which is their latest
product
top 10 saline this is developed flush
this costs 249 but you will get this for
only two hundred twenty four
kapag binary on 12 12. i hope you guys
enjoyed this video like and subscribe to
my channel if you want to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down below
i'll see you on my next video bye